docs: Add doc on how to recreate QEMU images for QPC (#1522)
AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-infrastructure: docs/Setup-QEMU-Images.md

# Recreating QEMU images
This is a document how to rebuild the images used in the [QEMUPlaybookCheck](https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/QEMUPlaybookCheck/) (QPC) Jenkins job, in the event of having to migrate the machine that runs QPC. In this document, the **host machine** refers to the machine running QPC and the **guest machine** refers to the QEMU VM.

## Standarised rules:
Regardless of the architecture that QEMU is emulating, all of the disk images mentioned here will follow rules to ensure the QPC script still works on the machines.

| Rule | Explanation |
|--|--|
| 15GB Image size | This is to allow enough space for the Unix Playbook to fully run and build a JDK.

> User: 'linux', Password: 'password'  | This is allow for `sshpass` to add the generated ssh key to the QEMU machine, allowing for automatic sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User: `linux`, Password: `password`  | This is allow for `sshpass` to add the generated ssh key to the QEMU machine, allowing for automatic sign in.
```
